Re-init PKP migration script (#24)
LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code: pkp-migration/nodejs/README.md

# PKP Migration Tool

Because each Lit network starts with a new round of Distributed Key Generation (DKG), the network's root BLS key is different for each network. This means PKPs minted on one network **will not** be available to use on another - you will have to migrate each PKP.

This migration tools aims to alleviate some of the friction around migrating PKPs between Lit networks. It simply takes an array of existing PKP public keys on the source Lit network, loops over them to fetch their configured Auth Methods and Scopes, then mints new PKPs on the target Lit network with the same Auth Methods and Scopes.

> It's important to not though that the new PKPs on the target Lit network will have new Ethereum addresses. Whatever is tied to the existing PKP Ethereum addresses, such as assets or account abstraction wallets that have the address as an authorized signer, will need to be manually migrated to the new PKP Ethereum address.

Reviewer: typo: 'note'

> It's important to not though that the new PKPs on the target Lit network will have new Ethereum addresses. Whatever is tied to the existing PKP Ethereum addresses, such as assets or account abstraction wallets that have the address as an authorized signer, will need to be manually migrated to the new PKP Ethereum address.

Author: ```suggestion
It's important to note that the new PKPs on the target Lit network will have new Ethereum addresses. Whatever is tied to the existing PKP Ethereum addresses, such as assets or account abstraction wallets that have the address as an authorized signer, will need to be manually migrated to the new PKP Ethereum address.
```
